Implementing feedback on README (#32)
elixir-europe/faircookbook-rdmkit: README.md

Links between the two services are stored in the [`faircookbook_rdmkit_mapping.yml`](faircookbook_rdmkit_mapping.yml) file. Changes made to this file will not immediately impact the websites. On a weekly basis FAIR Cookbook and RDMkit will pull changes from this central YAML file to update there repository. This is done using GitHub actions and is fully automatic. Any links towards FAIR Cookbook/RDMkit that were made manually will be overwritten by this process. In short: this repository holds the truth!

### Contributing

Changes made to the [`faircookbook_rdmkit_mapping.yml`](hfaircookbook_rdmkit_mapping.yml) file will be merged in the `main` branch using pull requests and only when at least one member of each editorial team has approved the changes. The `main` branch is for this reason protected against direct changes to prevent unexpected behaviour on one of the resources.

### Mapping rules
- [Data life cycle](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/data_life_cycle), [your role](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/your_role), and [national resources](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/national_resources) pages in RDMkit are not linked to FAIRCookbook recipes.

> - [Domain](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/your_domain) pages in RDMkit should only link to domain specific FAIRCookbook recipes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Domain](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/your_domain) pages in RDMkit should only link to domain specific FAIR Cookbook recipes.
```

> - [Task](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/your_tasks) pages in RDMkit should only link to FAIRCookbook recipes for generic tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Task](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/your_tasks) pages in RDMkit should only link to FAIR Cookbook recipes for generic tasks.
```

## GitHub Actions to increase sustainability

Because new content gets created over time in both resources, we created two automations in the repository to increase sustainability.

### Automatic updating of the titles in the [mapping file](faircookbook_rdmkit_mapping.yml)

> Titles can change, and since the resources list links towards each other including the title, we've put a system in place to prevent they get out of sync with the actual titles. A GitHub Action will weekly check for title changes using information from the sidebars of RDMkit and FAIRCookbook and create a pull request updating the titles in the main YAML file accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over time, page titles can change in both resources. We have thus put in place a system to keep displayed titles of linked pages in sync with the original resource. A GitHub Action will weekly check for title changes using information from the sidebars of RDMkit and FAIR Cookbook and create a pull request updating the titles in the main YAML file where needed.
```
